So now did we know what react database.
Let's take a brief look behind the scenes.
Now as I mentioned with react and react native we we build an app and our code typically looks something
like this.
We built normal React Components as you know it from the web with JavaScript because javascript is the
language we use to build React Native apps.
But in there we use special components like view and text here.
These are not your normal HD hymnal elements because the normal HD hymnal elements are not supported
the native platforms don't know how to use them they are for a you use special components given to you
by React Native for which React Native is able to translate them to instructions to native platforms
to understand its debts how this works.
Now it's important to understand that your view is so the components you're working with data for our
Indian compile to real native widgets to real native elements to real native code your javascript code
where you manage your business logic will not be compiled but your views will be and that of course
also means that you typically get a great performance when building React Native apps because the result
is a real native app where a large chunk of the code is real native code.
Now if we take a closer look at this component thing it's important to understand Dad.
You can of course use risk for building Web apps but that you could also build native apps for Android.
I was with native codes and without React Native or that you can use React Native so these are four
different ways of building apps where of course react for the Web won't give us a native app but just
to compare how it is would be related.
So if you're using react for the Web you typically work with let's say a div to structure your content
if you would work directly with Android.
So you would build your app in Android Studio without React Native at all you would work with an android
view for example that would be a widget you can use there in the user interface you're building directly
with native platform features to structure your content on I w that would be the UI view widget and
you don't need to memorize these terms.
I just want to explain how React Native translates things for you because and react native apps you
actually use the view element.
Now if you have a look at that view element you of course see that it's very similar to the dev element
it looks like a H2 l tech.
The difference of course is that it starts with a capital character and that view is no h him l tag
the browser wouldn't know what to do with that view but react native doesn't react native will translate
that view to the Android view or to the UI view for you and it does that of course not just for this
view General wrapper component but for example if you're a fetching user input on the Web you would
do that with the input element if you would build a native Android app you would use added text for
a native highways app you would use UI text field and then react native there's the text input component
again react native compiles that to the native widgets for you and that's how React Native works behind
the scenes of course we don't care about the Web in this course here just so that you understand that
there are some similarities we use these tax which look like HCM alt text but of course that the important
differences that these are special components compiled to native code now as already mentioned it's
important to understand that for UI react data gives you special components which are then compiled
native use for your average logic.
So if you're using redox or if you having any business logic you're sending HP requests you're transforming
data all your other javascript code is not compiled to native code but instead it's running on a special
fret hosted by React Native so you can imagine your react native app which you get in the end as a real
native app because it is one where all the views have been compiled to native widgets but where there
is extra mini app inside of your app a mini javascript app running in their hosted and started by React
Native so to say which runs all your javascript code and your javascript code can then talk to the native
platform.
You can picture it is like this year you have your code your app and you build a native app and that's
running on a native platform and of course there you have certain platform features away label like
for example using device camera.
Now as already mentioned your code can be split into two things here your views and your business logic.
So the average javascript code now is already mentioned multiple times your views are compiled to native
views to native widgets for these platforms and your code however is kept as javascript code and you
can tap into native platform features like the camera because your javascript code runs in a special
virtual machine in the end spun up and hosted by react native inside of your app.
So the right part here is all inside of our native app which we ship to the app stores and that JavaScript
code is javascript virtual machine knows how to talk to the native platform features.
So to the operating system your app is running on in the end through a special bridge.
You could say and that bridge and that virtual machine that's all automatically provided by rec native.
You don't have to care about this.
All you do is you write your react native app with JavaScript and with these special components and
that's all you need to know for now.
This is how I react native app works behind the scenes and I find it important to be aware of this because
it takes some of the magic away in a positive sense because you understand what you're actually writing
and what will happen with your code and how this code ends up in a native app.
And of course you'll also understand that you have a real native app therefore in the end not all your
code is compiled.
That would be pretty impossible but your views are compiled and of course the views.
So the part the user sees is the most important part when it comes to performance for an app because
re rendering the UI and all of that.
That's typically the performance intensive part and therefore it's very good that this is compiled.
That's one of the huge strengths of React Native.